enh(map): add instruction to exclude user from password expiration (#1459)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-22.04/graph-views/install.md

![image](../assets/graph-views/reach-api.png)

> Exclude the user from password expiration policy in **Administration > Authentication**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exclude the user from the password expiration policy on page **Administration > Authentication**: their password will never expire.
```
